README.md, before:

# Flux Viewport

## API Reference Documentation
https://flux-viewport-reference.herokuapp.com/

## Developers
Make sure you have node version 4+

npm install

python -m SimpleHTTPServer 8001

Different usage examples are available, navigate to the appropriate url.

Basic Demo - Use this see an example of how the viewport can be used in a web page.
http://localhost:8001/demo/basic.html

Advanced Demo - This example shows how to make a page with multiple viewports.
http://localhost:8001/demo/advanced.html

QA - Use this page load the image diffing app.
http://localhost:8001/qa/

### Extended Developer Setup

To setup gerrit for code review run the following commands.
```
# Update remotes
git remote rename origin bitbucket
git remote add gerrit ssh://${USER}@cr.flux.io:29418/flux-viewport

# Add Commit hook
curl https://cr.flux.io/tools/hooks/commit-msg > `git rev-parse --git-dir`/hooks/commit-msg
chmod +x `git rev-parse --git-dir`/hooks/commit-msg
```
If you are working in Flux genie follow the instructions here:
https://docs.google.com/document/d/1qf6PGJN54buSGFcrcRCZnruY4yTAsNRzoMtEpyE2VFY/edit#heading=h.owqmh4p4ruch

Commit message:

Update readme and reference page.
Change-Id: I80f6694a72892ea33061f7ac34156dd56817427f

README.md, after:

# Flux Viewport

## Tutorial
The [git book](https://flux.gitbooks.io/flux-javascript-sdk/content/) documenting the Flux JavaScript SDK, has a good introduction to using the [Flux Viewport](https://flux.gitbooks.io/flux-javascript-sdk/content/tutorial/Chapter-2.html).

## Sample Project
Several projects in [Flux Labs](https://github.com/flux-labs) use the Flux Viewport. If you want a simple one try the [Flux Seed](https://github.com/flux-labs/flux-seed) starter project.

## API Reference Documentation
For a complete list of functions see the [API Reference](https://flux-viewport-reference.herokuapp.com)

## Developers
Make sure you have node version 4+

npm install

python -m SimpleHTTPServer 8001

Different usage examples are available, navigate to the appropriate url.

Basic Demo - Use this see an example of how the viewport can be used in a web page.
http://localhost:8001/demo/basic.html

Advanced Demo - This example shows how to make a page with multiple viewports.
http://localhost:8001/demo/advanced.html

QA - Use this page load the image diffing app.
http://localhost:8001/qa/

### Extended Developer Setup

If you want to contribute changes to the viewport code base please email support@flux.io and introduce yourself.

To setup gerrit for code review run the following commands.
```
# Update remotes
git remote rename origin bitbucket
git remote add gerrit ssh://${USER}@cr.flux.io:29418/flux-viewport

# Add Commit hook
curl https://cr.flux.io/tools/hooks/commit-msg > `git rev-parse --git-dir`/hooks/commit-msg
chmod +x `git rev-parse --git-dir`/hooks/commit-msg
```
If you are working in Flux genie follow the instructions here (Flux Employees Only):
https://docs.google.com/document/d/1qf6PGJN54buSGFcrcRCZnruY4yTAsNRzoMtEpyE2VFY/edit#heading=h.owqmh4p4ruch
